Game: CodeMines, a remake of Minesweeper, by Peter Schultz (Kaedenn)

License: CodeMines, copyright (C) Peter Schultz, 2007
      Whenever possible, these applications are under the "WTFPL":
            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                    Version 2, December 2004

 Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar
  14 rue de Plaisance, 75014 Paris, France
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
 copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
 as the name is changed.

            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

  0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.

If this is not permitted by law, I place as few restrictions on these works as legally possible. Basically, do whatever the fuck you want with these; I don't care. This game is purely for educational uses, and I plan to use it as an example to teach fellow C++ students.

Furthermore, I can't be held responsible for damages, either physical or otherwise, either whole or in part, resulting from use of this program in any way, shape or form. If you find a way to shoot yourself in the foot using my game, congrats! Please, tell me how you did it, and don't sue me:

/* This program is free software. It comes without any warranty, to
 * the extent permitted by applicable law. You can redistribute it
 * and/or modify it under the terms of the Do What The Fuck You Want
 * To Public License, Version 2, as published by Sam Hocevar. See
 * http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/COPYING for more details. */

Other Information: To retain the spirit of Minesweeper, I added an extremely traditional cheat-code. If you're a Minesweeper fanatic or if you do a little research, it should be a cinch to figure out. There are also a number of other Easter-Eggs, mainly things I'm interested in and little shout-outs to a few of my friends. If you're truly lazy enough to want a list of all possible commands, start CodeMines with the command-line switch "-listcommands". I recently added a second cheat code that's even more 'savage' than the first; it'll show you exactly where the mines are. Now, I do not endorse the use of this cheat, nor do I see any reason for using it. But, still, it's there if you want it.

Contact: As always, you can contact me on irc.freenode.net in the channels ##c++ or ##c++-social. My nickname will be "Kaedenn", so drop me a line if you have any questions/comments/whatever. If you somehow manage to kill yourself with my program, have one of your friends tell me how you did it; I will leave no error unfixed!

Cheers,
Peter Schultz
